Proposed translation 2016 added 2016/11/18

The Kitáb-i-Aqdas
Preface

In 1953 Shoghi Effendi, the Guardian of the Bahá’í Faith, included as one of the goals of his Ten Year Plan the preparation of a Synopsis and Codification of the Laws and Ordinances of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas as an essential prelude to its translation. He himself worked on the codification, but had not finished it when he died in 1957. The task was continued on the basis of his work, and the resulting volume was released in 1973. That publication included, in addition to the Synopsis and Codification itself and explanatory notes, a compilation of the passages from the Kitáb-i-Aqdas which had already been translated by Shoghi Effendi and published in various books. The Synopsis and Codification covered the text of both the Kitáb-i-Aqdas and the Questions and Answers which constitutes an appendix to the Aqdas. In 1986 the Universal House of Justice decided that the time had come when the preparation of an English translation of the complete text of the Most Holy Book was both possible and essential and made its accomplishment a goal of the Six Year Plan 1986–1992. Its publication in English will be followed by translations in other languages.

1953年，巴哈伊教聖護守基·阿芬第在他的十年神聖傳教計劃中，將《亞格達斯經 - 律法條文之綱要與編纂》一著作，訂定為目標之一，作為翻譯亞格達斯經的必要準備。他親自編纂法條，但在他1957年辭世時，此志業乃成未竟之功。此後，編纂工作在他完成的基礎上持續進行，最終全冊於1973年出版。那一版本的《亞格達斯經》除了《律法條文之綱要與編纂》的正文和注釋外，守基·阿芬第親自翻譯並出版的諸多《亞格達斯經》片段，也摘自各書籍於此彙編成集一同出版。《律法條文之綱要與編纂》涵蓋的內容有《亞格達斯經》經文，以及附錄的《問答錄》。世界正義院於1986年認定，著手將《至聖經書》足本翻譯成英文，在當時既是必要的也是可行的，並將其列入六年計劃(1986-1992年)的目標之一。其它語文的《亞格達斯經》譯本，也將在英文版出書後，相繼問世。

http://www.bahai.org/r/111994742

It has been recognized that the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, being Sacred Scripture, should be presented in a form which can be read with ease and inspiration, uncluttered with the footnotes and index numbers that are common in scholarly texts. Nonetheless, to assist the reader in following the flow of the text and its changing themes, paragraph divisions have been added—such divisions not being common in works of Arabic literature—and these paragraphs have then been numbered for ease of access and indexing, as well as for uniformity of reference in all the languages in which the work will be published.

《亞格達斯經》無疑屬於聖典文字，因此其內容的呈現，應清晰易讀，並能妙發讀者靈感。這不同於一般學術著作，應無繁瑣的註腳和索引編號。雖然本著述的分段方式在阿拉伯文的著述中並不常見，然而，為了協助讀者瀏覽眾多主題，並維持文筆流暢，全文特以段落劃分，並在每段加以章節編號，以利查詢與編寫索引。這同時也將為未來其它翻自英文的版本，提供一個統一的參照格式。

Following the text of the Aqdas is a brief compilation of Writings of Bahá’u’lláh which are supplementary to the Most Holy Book, and a translation of the Questions and Answers published here for the first time.

Proposed translation 2016 added 2016/11/18

在《亞格達斯經》正文之後，另摘錄巴哈歐拉為此至聖經書補述的聖典彙編，卷後則收錄首次發表的《問答錄》譯文。

http://www.bahai.org/r/355672999

Shoghi Effendi had stated that the English translation of the Aqdas should be “copiously annotated.” The policy followed in preparing the notes has been to concentrate on those points which might strike a non-Arabic-speaking reader as obscure or which, for various reasons, require elucidation or background information. They are not intended to be a comprehensive commentary on the text beyond these fundamental requirements.

守基·阿芬第曾提過，《亞格達斯經》的英文譯本應當「詳加注解」。編寫注解時遵循的原則，乃針對不諳阿拉伯文讀者可能費解，或者考量後有需要闡明或提供背景資料的部分。除此之外，編寫注解的用意不在於全面地評述經文。

http://www.bahai.org/r/958084023

The notes, which are placed following the Synopsis and Codification, are numbered sequentially. Each is preceded by a quotation of the passage to which it relates, and indicates the number of the paragraph in which this appears. This facilitates cross-reference between the text and the notes, while making it possible for readers to study the notes without repeatedly consulting the text, if they so prefer. It is hoped in this way to meet the needs of readers of a wide range of backgrounds and interests.

此經書的注解冠以連續編號，置於《律法條文綱要》之後。每則注解本文前是其相關的經文引文，並標示以段落章節編號。這有利於經文與注解的交叉參照，同時方便讀者，可不必反復查看經文即可研讀注解。希望這種安排，能滿足讀者的廣泛背景和興趣需求。

http://www.bahai.org/r/906169587

The index provides a guide to subjects in all sections of the volume.

索引為本書所有章節涉及的主題提供指南。

http://www.bahai.org/r/228993410

The significance and character of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas and the range of subjects it contains have been graphically depicted by Shoghi Effendi in his history of the first Bahá’í century entitled God Passes By. As an assistance to the reader, these passages are provided in the section that immediately follows the introduction. The Synopsis and Codification, which is republished in this volume, serves as another aid for obtaining an overview of the Book.

《亞格達斯經》的重要性和特性，以及其涵蓋的主題範圍，守基·阿芬第已在《神臨記》，即記載巴哈伊信仰第一世紀歷史的巨著中，已寫下生動的篇章。為了輔助讀者的理解，這些篇章的段落，摘錄於序文之後。《律法條文之綱要與編纂》亦重新付梓，編輯入冊，對此至聖經書的宏觀綜覽，將有助益。

