http://www.bahai.org/r/542033897

55
SPIRIT, SOUL, AND MIND
QUESTION: WHAT IS the difference between mind, spirit, and soul?1
Answer: It was already explained that, in general, spirit is divided into five categories: the vegetable spirit, the animal spirit, the human spirit, the spirit of faith, and the Holy Spirit.1382
The vegetable spirit is that power of growth which is brought about in the seed through the influence of other created things.3
The animal spirit is that all-embracing sensory power which is realized through the composition and combination of the elements. When this composition disintegrates, that spirit likewise perishes and becomes non-existent. It may be likened to this lamp: When oil, wick, and flame are brought together and combined, it is lit; and when this combination disintegrates—that is, when the constituent parts are separated from one another—the lamp also is extinguished.4
The human spirit, which distinguishes man from the animal, is the rational soul, and these two terms—the human spirit and the rational soul—designate one and the same thing. This spirit, which in the terminology of the philosophers is called the rational soul, encompasses all things and as far as human capacity permits, discovers their realities and becomes aware of the properties and effects, the characteristics and conditions of earthly things. But the human spirit, unless it be assisted by the spirit of faith, cannot become acquainted with the divine mysteries and the heavenly realities. It is like a mirror which, although clear, bright, and polished, is still in need of light. Not until a sunbeam falls upon it can it discover the divine mysteries.5
As for the mind, it is the power of the human spirit. The spirit is as the lamp, and the mind as the light that shines from it. The spirit is as the tree, and the mind as the fruit. The mind is the perfection of the spirit and a necessary attribute thereof, even as the rays of the sun are an essential requirement of the sun itself.6
This explanation, however brief, is complete. Reflect upon it and, God willing, you will grasp the details.7

Independent Translation 2016/11/18

問曰：心智，靈，與靈魂差別何在？
對曰：已言 靈于天地之間逐釋成五 即植物靈 動物靈 人靈 信仰之靈 與 聖靈
植物靈 生長力也 其力本于種子 因得它物而萌茁
動物靈 眾官能之力也 為因子集合相交而成形 
若此集合瓦解 諸官之力即亡 而終
猶如一盞油燈 當油 燈炷 與火 相合併 便燈火明
當此集合體解散 然則 當形體集合肢解 便燈火熄

區分人與動物的 即是人靈  
理智之靈意同人靈 兩者同意共指 
人人皆有人靈 就是哲人所稱的理智之靈 
就人能力所及 人靈發覺萬物之真諦 
認知其特殊性和功效 與其品行與屬性
然而人靈若非信仰之靈的加持 無法知曉天機與天堂真際
如同一面光滑明亮的鏡子 仍然需要光來照亮一般
人靈若非反射太陽的光線 便無法窺知上天的機密 



